Ha ha ha
Soup.
Find a set of demon clothes to change into for him later.
Wait until the martial arts convention to make him the sect leader.
What if Pham Hien did not practice?
If Pham Hien dares to appear at the martial arts convention, he will certainly die.
Now most of the sects have surrendered at my puppet gate.
I'm afraid he won't come.
If not, the widow will become the leader.
Still not determined enough.
If the villagers don't kill him one day, it will be a thorn in my heart.
They must be completely removed.
Now I will go to the puppet door and kill To Truong To.
I mean it.
Even if he has the king of guns, I'm still a shameful person.
Listen to me, we'll go find him and agree.
I can't wait anyway.
But now no one will believe anything we say.
This is not okay, that is not okay.
he is angry with me
The most important thing now is to conserve strength.
Alliance of Others
Isn't he flirting with us?
We are going to the martial arts convention.
expose him and kill him.
Revenge for Brown Village.
But currently, only invited sects can enter the martial arts convention.
Normal small door can not enter.
Then we can pretend to be qualified disciples of a sect.